Update muon testing docs (#33292)
mantidproject/mantid: dev-docs/source/Testing/MuonAnalysis_test_guides/Muon_EMU.rst

.. _Muon_Analysis_EMU-ref:

Muon Unscripted Testing: EMU
============================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:

Introduction
------------

These tests are for the EMU instrument at ISIS.
This section will show some advance fitting and plotting features of the GUI.

> It would be worth restarting Mantid before doing the second test.

Reviewer: Can we drop this line?
A user won't restart Mantid so if it causes crashes or problems we'd rather look into / fix these instead

Author: This is just to clear the ADS. To make it easier to find the results table etc. Since we are not giving them useful names to save time

Reviewer: Could we ask users to clear the ADS then?
Clearing the ADS without closing Mantid for extended periods of time is (unfortunately) how a lot of users use their data reduction machines

Author: ```suggestion
It would be worth closing the muon GUI and clearing the ADS before doing the second test.
This is to give a clean state so it is easier to find the correct results table.
```
